All right here we are at the last lecture of the section we're ready to make it so that we can now see
everyone else's tweets when we log into the app.
So what we're going to do is first we need to make a new activity where we can view all of these tweets.
So we're going to go to new file new activity and let's go ahead and go to the gallery here.
We want an empty activity and let's go ahead and call this our feed activity.
So go ahead and create this now for what's going to go inside of the feed activity visually.
It's going to be another list view where we can simply list out everything that the current user or
all the people that the current users following have tweeted.
So with that we're going to go ahead and move over to oh not the activity feed we need the feed activity
lay out.
So let's go ahead to our layouts.
So like we might have to wait a second here and Oh there's our activity feed.
I was already on it.
All right.
So let's give ourselves some space to work with.
Let's go to our containers and we'll bring down a list for you.
And we want that to be able to fill up the whole screen and we'll select this list for you.
Give a proper ID of list view and something that's going to be a little bit interesting with this is
going to be the first time that we're going to use one of these sub items so we haven't done that yet.
I'm going to show you how to do that.
It's pretty cool that we'll be able to take advantage of that.
So with that in place let's go ahead and move over to this new feed activity and let's start setting
things up.
So first we need to get access to that list view sole See List View and go ahead and give it the name
of lowercase list view as equal to find view by id our ID dot list view.
OK so now that we've gone ahead and grab that we need to talk about how we're going to display these
tweets because when you think about a tweet it has both the actual tweet text but then also has who
sent that tweet.
And so I think the best way to represent this is using a map.
Remember we have covered maps before and basically it's a way to hold two pieces of information you
can have a key and a value.
So we're going to have maps that have a string for the key and they're also going to have a string for
the value.
And so in order it's going to be a list of maps.
And so what we're looking to create here is we're going to make a list of map objects where we have
strings for the keys and strings for the values.
I know a little complex get in here and let me go ahead and do the autocomplete on our map.
And I guess we should do that for list as well.
There we go.
But we're going to have this world call something like tweet data and we're going to set this equal
to make sure I get my extra either and we're going to set this equal to a new array list for the time
being.
So I want to go through and show you how to manually create your own list.
Let's go ahead and do that before we start working with.
I just want you to really understand this concept sort of go and make some dummy data let's make a for
loop the loop through like five times and so let's go ahead and make an event that we will set.
I will set equal to one and all say as long as the eye is less than or equal to five then we are going
to do I plus plus just like that.
Then inside of this for loop we want to be able to create a new map.
So we're going to make a new map here.
Strings is the keys and strings as the value.
And we're going to go ahead and give this the name of tweet info and we'll say tweet info is equal to
a new capital hash map.
Go ahead hit enter on that.
And inside of this hash map we just want it to be an empty one.
But then with Thweatt info this is where will start adding some information.
So we're going to say tweet info dot put so we can put in some information so we have to provide a key.
In this case we'll say content so say content comma and let's pass and some content here and then we're
going to go ahead and add something like tweet content and we'll go ahead and add on onto that.
So there's some sort of number and we're going to have to convert that to a string so will say integer
into your dot to a string and then we can go ahead and pass I right inside of there k.
So this will go ahead and put in the content part of the tweet.
We also need a user name so we're going to copy the same line of code to paste it down but rather than
content.
This is going to be user name and rather than tweak content we are going to say user space and then
have the user it's going to be like User 1 user 2 and that's going to say tweak content tweak content.
Right.
So with that in place after we have successfully created this map fill that up with information we want
to add it to the list.
So we're going to say tweet data which is our last dot ad and we're going to add in tweet info.
OK.
So that will successfully add that in there.
Then once we've done this we want to go ahead and set up our array adapter so we're going to be using
a different kind of adapter this time it's going to be called a simple adapter.
So we have simple adapter that we'll just call simple adapter and this will be equal to a new Capitol
simple adapter.
So we want to pass in this context.
We want to pass in tweet data as you know the array that we're looking for here.
And then there's some more complex things that we want to add here so the first one is the layout.
We usually do Android are lay out a lot and we do simple list item one.
Well in this case we want to do a simple list item too.
This is kind of a new development for us list item 2 allows us to utilize both of the pieces of information
to have.
If we go back to the activity feed here the top item and then a sub item.
So that's why we're using simple list item too.
Along with that we need to say how we want to fill in the two pieces of information.
So what we're going to do is we're going to create a new string array.
So when I a new string array and will just do curly brackets to make one here on the fly.
And we're going to say the keys that we need to look for inside of the dictionary are content.
Right.
That's the one that we had created right here.
And also it's going to be user name.
So those are the two that they should be looking for.
Let me make sure that's lower case.
All right.
So that's one array that we need to pass in.
We need to pass in yet another array to say where should we be filling in the information with what
we get back for content and user name.
So in this situation we want to make a new int array and we'll do our curly brackets again.
But in this situation we're going to do lower lowercase Android dot capital are dot ID dot and this
is where we want to say Text 1.
So this is that top text position and then we also want to pass an android dot capital dot ID text to.
So that's going to go to that sub text position.
OK so I know this is a really really big long sort of method that we have over here or creation.
But this is what we need in order to create this new simple adapter.
And we have this error here that says unreachable statement.
And if you're wondering what this is about.
I accidentally said while one is less than or equal to 5 and one is always going to be less than or
equal to five.
So if we can go ahead and change that to I then this statement is going to be reachable otherwise it
would have just stayed in the loop forever and ever and ever.
Now since we have this simple adapter we can go ahead and add this to our list view.
So we're going to say List View set adapter and we're just going to go ahead and pass in that simple
adapter.
OK.
So let's go ahead and have a take a look at what this looks like.
Now in order to do that to reach this activity we're going to go and have to edit our menu.
So let's go down to our tweet menu and we'll go to the text view of this.
We want to add another item.
I'm going to put it in between a tweet and log out.
And this is going to say your feed because we want to see the feed that's coming out there and we can
go ahead and call this something like view the feed for the ID.
Yeah let's keep that capital I think that's a good idea.
OK.
So with that in place the next thing that we need to do is just make sure that when someone taps on
that it takes them to the correct activity.
So we'll go to our feed activity here.
I think we actually want that user's activity.
We need to go up to our on item selected so that's when someone wants to tweet.
This is when someone wants to log out now and do an ELSE IF statement to see if someone is trying to
look at the feed.
So I will say item get item Id see if this is equal to our DOT I.D. dot and then we want you feed.
So that's not coming through right now but I am guessing if we go ahead and run this that's going to
show up in just a second here.
So while that's running what we need to do is very similar to what we have here.
We basically want to make him intent and start that intent although the place that we're trying to get
to is not the main activity but the feed activity.
So go ahead and put that in feed at the D.
There we go.
Got the nice autocomplete and look that you feed.
Finally finished up there for us.
So let's go ahead and run this and see what this looks like.
We'll have to go ahead and pull up the emulator here.
So again right now we're just looking at sort of some dummy data that we made with this for loop but
eventually we're going to have it fill in actual information from parts.
So we'll go ahead and make this a little bit bigger.
OK.
Here it comes.
And let's go to your feed and look at that.
We have all the tweets there so tweet content for one two three four five.
And again users.
One two three four five.
So I hope you enjoyed learning about how to do the little simple adapter and how to make it so that
you could you know work with maps inside of an array list.
We did some pretty cool stuff there but now we need to go ahead and actually show some real tweets in
before we show some real tweets we have to have some tweets in order to show off to people.
So let's go back to our parsed dashboard let's remind ourselves of what users we have so Nick Feydeau
John Sara.
Let's have a tweet for each of them.
So I'm going to make a new tweet.
This one is going to be for John.
That's going to say hey what's up.
And there's one I don't know why I don't have that.
Hey what's up.
There we go.
Another user was Fido So let's add one for Fido.
It'll say something like I am a dog.
Exclamation point and the username for this will be Fido.
Excellent.
And the last one here is Sarah.
So let's have a tweet for Sarah.
She'll say coding rocks with an X and username name there will be Sarah.
OK so now there's some actual tweets that we could show we got to make sure that this is lower case.
Sarah there.
Go ahead and it keeps trying to uppercase that we go lowercase lowercase J.
Here.
Awesome.
So now there's some tweets that we could actually end up showing to the user.
So we're going to go ahead and move to Android studio and here inside of the feed activity where right
now we're setting all this code in order to you know make some fake data.
Well let's go get some real data.
So we're going to make a new parse query and we are going to be looking for just straight up parse objects
this time we don't need parce users.
Remember we're trying to get a bunch of tweets so call this our queery will say this is equal to capital
parse query does it get queery.
And we want to pass in here that we are looking for a tweet object so capital tweet and this coincides
with this class that we have right here.
So we'll go ahead and put that in.
Now that we have this query there is some a few parameters that we want to add to it.
So the first one is with this query we want to make sure that it's everyone that we're following.
So we're going to say Dot where contains in software contained in.
And this is where we're going to say wherever the user name is contained and then we're going to pass
the list that we have of all the users that the current users following.
So we're going to say parse user dot get current user dog get list and we'll pass in the is following.
So go ahead and add that at our semi-colon there so that says hey whoever this person is following we
want to get all those user names then we want to put these in a particular order.
So we're going to say queery and we want to do a dot order by and let's go ahead do order by descending.
And we want to pass in the key created at sure remember this is one of those special fields that is
just automatically created for us.
But it tells us exactly when these tweets were tweets were created so we can get the latest ones the
earliest.
So with that in place let's go back to android studio say created at and do or a semi-colon after that.
There could be a lot of tweets so we want to be careful that we don't get too many.
So we're going to say set limit to those latest 20 tweets.
And with all of that in place we're ready to actually go ahead and execute this query.
So we're going to say queery find in background with this we want to do a new find callback.
So this will come back and give us some information.
We'll go ahead and do the classic objective where we say OK if EU is equal to no then you know we're
ready to rock and roll.
And then we've got to start doing some work here to then see what is it that we're going to do.
So essentially what we want to do is the same stuff that we're doing inside of the for loop.
We just want to do it inside of here and we need to do it for each and every tweet that we get.
So first thing is we're going to list through these parse objects.
Let's do a for loop and we're trying to loop through all those objects and each time we loop through
we're going to get back a partas object that I'm going to call a tweet.
So each time we have a tweet that's when we're going to want to go ahead and then you know make like
a map and all this stuff.
I'm actually just going to cut and paste this right down below I can get rid of this for a loop now
and from there we're going to just start filling in the information.
So for the tweak content rather than saying tweak content and adding an integer into there we're actually
just going to say OK we're going to use the tweet and then we want to get a string from that.
So the key that we're going to provide inside of there is going to be tweaked and similarly down below
for the user name.
We can get that from the tweet as well and I'm going to say tweet.
Get string.
We want to go grab that username.
All right so once we have that information in place we still want to add this to tweet data.
But in order for that to work we're going to have to make this a final so that we can have access to
it.
And with that that's going to give us access to the things we need and we still down below here.
You know we've got our simple adapter right and we're going to update the list view all those things
we've got to make sure that these happen into the correct places.
And so what we want to do after we've made it through this entire four loop here is set up the following.
So I'm going to go ahead and cut and paste this down below.
So this is going to get everything set up for us.
We're going to have to change this to say feed activity this can for the last few here.
Again we're going to have to make this a final so that we can have access to it.
So go ahead and change that.
And one more change that we'd like to make is just up at the top of this on Create.
Let's go ahead and set the title.
So it looks good just like all the other activities so we'll put inside of your capital your feed.
All right.
So with this all in place let's go ahead and run this and see what it looks like on the device.
It was a big moment for us you know this should hypothetically be a complete Twitter app so we'll have
to see what we get
up opens up and I'm going to go check out your feed when we go there.
Look at that.
So we have I am a dog we have.
Hey what's up.
So we are missing one of the tweets which is kind of interesting and I think it says that we're missing.
So let's go ahead and see.
But that's because we're not following Sarah.
That's the reason that's not showing up.
OK.
So this is just real proof that we know that that is working.
So if we wanted to go and test and see if this is really you know 100 percent here let's go ahead and
follow Sarah now that we're following Sarah.
Let's go to your feed and look at that.
Now we get Sarah's tweet.
Wow this is impressive.
I mean I know that that's what's supposed to happen but when you see it actually happen you're just
kind of oh ok wow this is great.
So thank you so much for coming along building this whole Twitter client.
Hopefully you'll feel much better now about working with Parsky after going through for your second
time now.
And if you wanted to make your own social network I think you'd really have the chops to get into it
now.
So thanks for coming along.
But we still got more to do.